Lord Xu
I miss you so much when you come.
Today, I just happened to teach you arithmetic.
Then why did you bring him here?
As the saying goes, don't you know each other? Xiao Chen
How about me today?
Bring this thing.
It's officially a century long
It's true. It's true.
Humph
Right? Official of the same dynasty
More friends and less enemies
From now on, you and I are friends
Hi do you want to know
I am the thirteenth prince
But what about the emperor and the queen mother?
Favorite me very much.
Hmph, you and I join forces?
The rich can only wait
Okay, a group of people join forces to make a fortune together
That being the case
Lord Xu told me
How did you steal from the treasury?
100,000 two silver
As long as such a large group